de/uniba/rz/app/LocalTicketManagementBackend.java
 de.uniba.rz.app.LocalTicketManagementBackend
de/uniba/rz/app/TicketSearchBackend.java
 de.uniba.rz.app.TicketSearchBackend
de/uniba/rz/search/SearchWebService.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.SearchWebService
de/uniba/rz/ui/swing/SwingMainModel.java
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.SwingMainModel
de/uniba/rz/search/Ticket.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.Ticket
de/uniba/rz/app/UDPTicketManagementBackend.java
 de.uniba.rz.app.UDPTicketManagementBackend
de/uniba/rz/backend/JaxWSImplService.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.JaxWSImplService
de/uniba/rz/search/TicketSearch.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.TicketSearch
de/uniba/rz/search/Priority.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.Priority
de/uniba/rz/backend/Type.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.Type
de/uniba/rz/search/TypeNotAvailableException_Exception.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.TypeNotAvailableException_Exception
de/uniba/rz/search/Status.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.Status
de/uniba/rz/backend/TicketSearch.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.TicketSearch
de/uniba/rz/ui/swing/MainFrame.java
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.MainFrame
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.MainFrame$1
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.MainFrame$2
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.MainFrame$3
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.MainFrame$4
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.MainFrame$5
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.MainFrame$6
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.MainFrame$7
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.MainFrame$8
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.MainFrame$9
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.MainFrame$TicketTableModel
de/uniba/rz/app/JMSTicketManagementBackend.java
 de.uniba.rz.app.JMSTicketManagementBackend
de/uniba/rz/backend/Message.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.Message
de/uniba/rz/search/Type.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.Type
de/uniba/rz/app/GRPCTicketManagementBackend.java
 de.uniba.rz.app.GRPCTicketManagementBackend
de/uniba/rz/backend/SendMessageResponse.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.SendMessageResponse
de/uniba/rz/backend/Status.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.Status
de/uniba/rz/search/Message.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.Message
de/uniba/rz/backend/package-info.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.package-info
de/uniba/rz/app/ViewRefresh.java
 de.uniba.rz.app.ViewRefresh
de/uniba/rz/app/JaxWSTicketManagementBackend.java
 de.uniba.rz.app.JaxWSTicketManagementBackend
de/uniba/rz/backend/SearchMessage.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.SearchMessage
de/uniba/rz/app/Shutdown.java
 de.uniba.rz.app.Shutdown
de/uniba/rz/app/exceptions/CustomException.java
 de.uniba.rz.app.exceptions.CustomException
de/uniba/rz/backend/SearchMessageResponse.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.SearchMessageResponse
de/uniba/rz/app/TicketManagementBackend.java
 de.uniba.rz.app.TicketManagementBackend
de/uniba/rz/backend/Priority.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.Priority
de/uniba/rz/backend/ObjectFactory.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.ObjectFactory
de/uniba/rz/search/ClientMessage.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.ClientMessage
de/uniba/rz/app/exceptions/WebServiceNotAvailableException.java
 de.uniba.rz.app.exceptions.WebServiceNotAvailableException
de/uniba/rz/backend/SendMessage.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.SendMessage
de/uniba/rz/search/ObjectFactory.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.ObjectFactory
de/uniba/rz/search/ClientMessageResponse.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.ClientMessageResponse
de/uniba/rz/backend/JaxWsInterface.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.JaxWsInterface
de/uniba/rz/search/package-info.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.package-info
de/uniba/rz/backend/Ticket.java
 de.uniba.rz.backend.Ticket
de/uniba/rz/app/Main.java
 de.uniba.rz.app.Main
de/uniba/rz/search/TypeNotAvailableException.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.TypeNotAvailableException
de/uniba/rz/search/SearchWebServiceImplService.java
 de.uniba.rz.search.SearchWebServiceImplService
de/uniba/rz/ui/swing/SwingMainController.java
 de.uniba.rz.ui.swing.SwingMainController
